fix(store): return zero for uninitialised static array elements (#2613)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/popular-oranges-end.md

---
"@latticexyz/store": patch

> "@latticexyz/cli": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

the changes here are just internal/for dev, so no need for a changelog

---

> Fixed the behaviour of static arrays, so that they always return zero for uninitialised values. Previously they would revert with `Store_IndexOutOfBounds` if the index had not been set yet.

Reviewer: Should we make a note about this matching native solidity behavior?

Author: I like that! lemme think

> Fixed the behaviour of static arrays, so that they always return zero for uninitialised values. Previously they would revert with `Store_IndexOutOfBounds` if the index had not been set yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed the behaviour of static arrays, so that they return zero for uninitialised values, to mirror the native Solidity behavior. Previously they reverted with `Store_IndexOutOfBounds` if the index had not been set yet.
```
